DEV-12744: Wrap `common-tags` library (#378)
thegetty/quire: packages/11ty/README.md

## Node module aliases

> Quire uses `module-alias` to handle `import`/`require` aliases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quire uses the `module-alias` package for `import` and `require` aliases. 
```

`module-alias` is registered in `.eleventy.js`:

``` javascript
require('module-alias/register')
```

> 
> It is configured under the `_moduleAliases` key in `package.json`:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`package.json`
````

``` json
{
  // omitted for example
  "_moduleAliases": {
    "~includes": "./_includes",
    "~layouts": "./layouts",
    "~lib": "./_lib",
    "~plugins": "./_plugins"
  }
}
```

Modules are imported like this:

``` javascript
const { renderOneLine, stripIndent } = require('~lib/common-tags')
```

> ### Alternative implementation: import mapping
> 
> See https://github.com/ilearnio/module-alias/issues/113
> 
> To get the same results with no external dependency, we can use subpath imports, configured in the `imports` key of `package.json`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Node import mapping

An alternate implementation with no external dependency uses [Node.js subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports), which are configured under the `imports` key of `package.json`
```

## `module-alias`

Quire uses `module-alias` to handle `import`/`require` aliases. 

`module-alias` is registered in `.eleventy.js`:

``` javascript
require('module-alias/register')
```

It is configured under the `_moduleAliases` key in `package.json`:

``` json
{

>   "name": ...,
>   "private": ...,
>   "version": ...,
>   "description": ...,
>   "main": ...,
>   "scripts": ...,
>   "keywords": ...,
>   "author": ...,
>   "license": ...,
>   "devDependencies": ...,
>   "dependencies": ...,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // omitted for example
```

  "_moduleAliases": {
    "~includes": "./_includes",
    "~layouts": "./layouts",
    "~lib": "./_lib",
    "~plugins": "./_plugins"
  }
}
```

Modules are imported like this:

``` javascript
const { renderOneLine, stripIndent } = require('~lib/common-tags')
```

### Alternative implementation: import mapping

See https://github.com/ilearnio/module-alias/issues/113

To get the same results with no external dependency, we can use subpath imports, configured in the `imports` key of `package.json`

``` json
{

>   "name": ...,
>   "private": ...,
>   "version": ...,
>   "description": ...,
>   "main": ...,
>   "scripts": ...,
>   "keywords": ...,
>   "author": ...,
>   "license": ...,
>   "devDependencies": ...,
>   "dependencies": ...,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // omitted for example
```
